Update documentation to declare support for uv compiled requirements.txt (#34569)
github/docs: data/reusables/dependabot/supported-package-managers.md

[NuGet](#nuget-cli)          | `nuget`          | {% ifversion dependabot-updates-v680-nuget-support %}<=6.8.0{% elsif ghes = 3.12 %}<= 6.7.0{% else %}<= 4.8{% endif %} | {% octicon "check" aria-label="Supported" %} | {% octicon "check" aria-label="Supported" %} | {% octicon "check" aria-label="Supported" %} | {% octicon "check" aria-label="Supported" %} | {% octicon "x" aria-label="Not supported" %} |
| {% ifversion dependabot-PEP621-support %}[pip](#pip-pip-compile-and-uv){% else %}pip{% endif %} | `pip`            | v21.1.2          | {% octicon "check" aria-label="Supported" %} | {% octicon "check" aria-label="Supported" %} | {% octicon "x" aria-label="Not supported" %} | {% octicon "check" aria-label="Supported" %} | {% octicon "x" aria-label="Not supported" %} |
pipenv         | `pip`            | <= 2021-05-29    | {% octicon "check" aria-label="Supported" %} | {% octicon "check" aria-label="Supported" %} | {% octicon "x" aria-label="Not supported" %} | {% octicon "check" aria-label="Supported" %} | {% octicon "x" aria-label="Not supported" %} |

> |  {% ifversion dependabot-PEP621-support %}[pip-compile](#pip-compile-and-uv){% else %}pip-compile{% endif %}   | `pip`            | 6.1.0            | {% octicon "check" aria-label="Supported" %} | {% octicon "check" aria-label="Supported" %} | {% octicon "x" aria-label="Not supported" %} | {% octicon "check" aria-label="Supported" %} | {% octicon "x" aria-label="Not supported" %} |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|  {% ifversion dependabot-PEP621-support %}[pip-compile](#pip-pip-compile-and-uv){% else %}pip-compile{% endif %}   | `pip`            | 6.1.0            | {% octicon "check" aria-label="Supported" %} | {% octicon "check" aria-label="Supported" %} | {% octicon "x" aria-label="Not supported" %} | {% octicon "check" aria-label="Supported" %} | {% octicon "x" aria-label="Not supported" %} |
```

@beagold 👋 I'm hoping this last change will fix the link errors

Reviewer: No problem 👍

{% ifversion dependabot-PEP621-support %}

> #### pip-compile and uv

Reviewer 2: why does this remove `pip`?

Reviewer 2: i would just add `uv` to the end of it.  it is the "details" anchor used from the table above that includes details about how Dependabot supports `pip` overall.

https://docs.github.com/en/code-security/dependabot/ecosystems-supported-by-dependabot/supported-ecosystems-and-repositories#pip-and-pip-compile

> {% data variables.product.prodname_dependabot %} can update `requirements.txt` compiled files using both `pip-compile` and `uv` (depending on which one was used to generate the file), as well as performing updates to `pyproject.toml` files if they follow the PEP 621 standard.

Reviewer 3: I think I would clarify, `uv pip` here to distinguish from the top-level uv interface.

> {% data variables.product.prodname_dependabot %} can update `requirements.txt` compiled files using both `pip-compile` and `uv pip` (depending on which one was used to generate the file), as well as performing updates to `pyproject.toml` files if they follow the PEP 621 standard.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{% data variables.product.prodname_dependabot %} can update `requirements.txt` files using both `pip-compile` and `uv pip` (depending on which one was used to generate the file). {% data variables.product.prodname_dependabot %} can also update `pyproject.toml` files if they follow the PEP 621 standard.
```

This is just to try to make the language a bit simpler and avoid the slightly awkward part "update `requirements.txt` compiled files"

Reviewer: Separately, in this context, I think saying `uv` might make more sense? ie "... using both `pip-compile` and `uv`... "

I haven't raised it as a suggestion.

Reviewer: Haha I hadn't seen that—I won't argue with the person writing the tool! I think let's go with the first suggestion in that case 😄

> `uv.lock` files are not supported yet.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`uv.lock` files are not supported.
```

cc @jonjanego in case you want to provide a timeline, otherwise I'd recommend leaving this out.

Reviewer 2: agree, i don't want to imply a roadmap that we cannot promise

Reviewer 2: lets please change this to remove "yet"
